# CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.2 (2026-06-23)

Fix: 

  - Fixed typing errors in README.md file.
  - Fixed output directory typing error in python file.

## 1.0.1 (2026-05-06)

- Merged adding-gbk-suport to main

Fix:

  - Downgraded version of click dependency in snakemake.yml due to lack of repository availability that made it impossible to make new installations: <br>
    `click=8.2.2=pyh707e725_0 -> click=8.2.1=pyh707e725_0`
  - Fixed a error in ROARY RULE that caused the pipeline to crash while expanding move wildcard in bash.

Features:

  - Added a `--ref_gbk`flag for indicating reference genome annotated genome path in the `run_gwas.py`wrapper.
  - Added this `CHANGELOG.md`file to auxiliate tracking of versioning. 
  - Added repository LICENSE file and copyrights to files.
  - Added comments in the begining of functions and scripts.

Changes:

  - Pipeline will now instatiate a new object called `ref_gbk` that will store the path to the reference genome gbk file. 
  - Rule `run_snippy` will now use the reference `ref_gbk`file instead of the FASTA reference file.
  - Name changed from "Integrated-GWAS-Pipeline-for-Bacteria" to "SnakeGenium".

Removed:

  - Removed `testing_filter_hits.ipynb` file used for debugging the scripts. 
  - Removed # comments from most files.

## 1.0.1 (2026-04-16)

Features:

  - Added description to README.md file.
  - Added a python wrapper `run_gwas.py`to receive, process flags and run subcommands when running the pipeline.
  - Added a block to generate new config.yaml files each time the pipeline is ran. 

Updates:

  - Updated .gitignore file.

Perfomance:

  - `--max_threads`and `max_mem`can now be used in the wrapper to indicate the max amount of threads and memory (mb) to be used by the pipeline.
  - `--jobs`flag can now be used in the wrapper to indicate the number of simultaneos rules executed by the pipeline.

Removed:

  - Removed reference genome files and directory used for testing.
  - Removed config.yaml file. File will now be generated by the wrapper.
  - Removed deprecated shell scripts with the addition of the python wrapper. 

## 1.0.0 (2026-04-14)

  - Created repository.
  - Initial commit.